README.md, before:

# CF-Clearance-Scraper

A simple program for fetching cf_clearance cookies from websites issuing cloudflare challenges to users. This program works on JavaScript and managed challenges. 

## Clearance Cookie Usage
In order to bypass cloudflare challenges with the cloudflare clearance cookies, you must make sure of two things:

- The user agent used to fetch the clearance cookie must match the user agent being used within the requests that use the clearance cookie (You can edit the user agent used by the scraper by changing the ```USER_AGENT``` variable)
- The IP address used to fetch the clearance cookie must match the IP address being used to make the requests that use the clearance cookie

```mermaid
flowchart
	N14e["cf_clearance"]
	N14f["IP Address"]
	N150["User Agent"]
	N14e --> N14f
	N14e --> N150
```

## Installation

    $ pip install -r requirements.txt
    $ python -m playwright install --with-deps webkit


## Usage
```
usage: main.py [-h] [-v] [-u URL] [-f FILE] [-t TIMEOUT] [-p PROXY]

Fetches cf_clearance cookies from websites issuing cloudflare challenges to users

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -v, --verbose         Increase output verbosity
  -u URL, --url URL     URL to fetch cf_clearance cookie from
  -f FILE, --file FILE  File to write the cf_clearance cookie to
  -t TIMEOUT, --timeout TIMEOUT
                        Request timeout (seconds)
  -p PROXY, --proxy PROXY
                        Proxy server to use for requests (SOCKS5 proxy authentication not supported). Example: socks5://172.66.43.144:1080 or http://username:password@172.66.43.144:1080
```
```
Example: python main.py -u https://nowsecure.nl -f cookies.txt -v
```

Commit message:

Refactored code
- Improved solving of cloudflare challenges
- Improved + simplified cloudflare challenge detection

README.md, after:

# CF-Clearance-Scraper

A simple program for fetching cf_clearance cookies from websites issuing cloudflare challenges to users. This program works on JavaScript and managed challenges. 

## Clearance Cookie Usage
In order to bypass cloudflare challenges with the clearance cookies, you must make sure of two things:

- The user agent used to fetch the clearance cookie must match the user agent being used within the requests that use the clearance cookie
    > **Note**:
    > You can edit the user agent used by the scraper by changing the `USER_AGENT` variable. Depending on the user agent used, it may affect your ability to solve the cloudflare challenge
- The IP address used to fetch the clearance cookie must match the IP address being used to make the requests that use the clearance cookie

```mermaid
flowchart
	N14e["cf_clearance"]
	N14f["IP Address"]
	N150["User Agent"]
	N14e --> N14f
	N14e --> N150
```

## Installation

    $ pip install -r requirements.txt
    $ python -m playwright install --with-deps webkit


## Usage
```
usage: main.py [-h] [-v] [-d] -u URL [-f FILE] [-t TIMEOUT] [-p PROXY]

Fetches cf_clearance cookies from websites issuing cloudflare challenges to users

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -v, --verbose         Increase output verbosity
  -d, --debug           Run the browser in headed mode
  -u URL, --url URL     URL to fetch cf_clearance cookie from
  -f FILE, --file FILE  File to write the cf_clearance cookie to
  -t TIMEOUT, --timeout TIMEOUT
                        Request timeout (seconds)
  -p PROXY, --proxy PROXY
                        Proxy server to use for requests (SOCKS5 proxy authentication not supported)
```
```
Example: python main.py -u https://nowsecure.nl -f cookies.txt -v
```
